TN0004: Added Auth Directives Section (#597)
apollographql/docs: src/content/technotes/TN0004-router-authentication.mdx

- The initial lift of implementing a coprocessor is non-trivial, but once it's in place you can leverage it for any number of router customizations.

> ## Use Authorization Directives

Reviewer: Can we bump this up to the top of the page

In addition to the the approaches above, you can use [authorization directives](/router/configuration/authorization/) to enforce authorization at the router layer. 
This allows you to authorize requests prior to them hitting your subgraphs saving on bandwidth and processing time.

<EnterpriseFeature text={`This is an [Enterprise feature](/router/enterprise-features) of the Apollo Router. It requires an organization with a [GraphOS Enterprise plan](https://www.apollographql.com/pricing/).`} />

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
  Client->>Router: Request with token
  note over Router: Validate request
  alt Request is invalid
    Router->>Client: Respond 401 Unauthorized
  else Request is valid
    Router->>Subgraph: Request Data
  end
```

> Once the request's "claims" are made available via the JWT and/or a coprocessor, they can be used as scopes to enforce authorization policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the request's claims are made available via the JWT validation or a coprocessor, they can be used to match against the required type and field scopes to enforce authorization policies.
```

```graphql
# Request's authorization claims must contain `read:users`
type Query {
  users: [User!]! @requiresScopes(scopes: [["read:users"]])
}

# Request must be authenticated
type Mutation {
  updateUser(input: UpdateUserInput!): User! @authenticated
}
```

Pros:

- Validating authorization before processing requests enables the early termination of unauthorized requests reducing the load on your services
- Declarative approach that can be adopted and maintained by each subgraph while enforced centrally

Cons
- Updates will need to be made to each subgraph to opt into this authorization model

> - If a coprocesser is required, initial lift of implementing a coprocessor is non-trivial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cons
-  Schema updates will need to be made to each subgraph to opt into this authorization model
```

Reviewer: Let's strike the second con. Coprocessors are required for custom token parsing but that is not a con, there is no other way to do it in any solution

## Combining authentication strategies

You can combine the strategies to handle a number of authentication requirements and practice "defense-in-depth":

1. Use a coprocessor to identify traffic using a legacy authentication strategy and convert legacy session tokens to JWTs.
2. Use the JWT Authentication plugin to validate JWT-based authentication tokens.
3. Use authorization directives to enforce authorization at the router layer

> 4. Forward JWTs to subgraphs for additional authorization.

Reviewer: 1. Use the JWT Authentication plugin to validate JWT-based authentication tokens.
2. Use auth directives to enforce authentication and authorization and at the supergraph layer
3. Use a coprocessor to identify traffic using a legacy authentication strategy and convert legacy session tokens to JWTs.
4. Forward JWTs to subgraphs for additional authorization.
